Bank Account (Remix)

Joyner Lucas Lyrics
"Bank Account (Remix)"
I'm willing to die for this shit
I'm ready to flip it and end up in prison the rest of my life for this shit
So my momma ain't want me, she got an abortion
I end up surviving this shit
And if I wanted somethin', I ain't got the money
I'll probably be robbing this shit
Don't know how much I cry for this shit
Said I am willing to ride for this shit
You know murder's my hobby inside of my closet, a bunch of dead bodies and shit
Niggas say that I'm cursed 'cause I go to church and stare at the Bible and shit
Shawty say I'm the worst, cos I do my dirt, and I don't be hiding this shit
Bitch I'm a savage I spit at you bastards, I wonder what you gonna do to me hoe
I need to hear some more rapping I'm just not impressed by your cash or your jewelry hoe
All you my soldiers and I'm a lieutenant
Goddammit you should be saluting me hoe
I hope you know I ain't going nowhere
All you rappers just better get used to me hoe
Nigga, I'm Mr. Blue with my jeans, bought me a jeep, cuz I wasn't riding as much
My bank account looking weak, don't look at me, I ain't got no time for no fun
Starting to feel like Tyrese, I'm 'bout to trip, and maybe start crying or sumthin'
I might just hit up the Smith's, throw me a fit and wait for my wire to come
Ain't nobody give or show me love when I was coming up, I had to double up and tell these niggas buckle up before they ride
And they don't really wanna knuckle up, I hit it with the uppercut, I had these motherfuckers running for they life
Unidentified craft, while I'm flying past all of my aliens Sailin', and if you look up in the sky
Blew your mind back, push your eyes back, threw your iPad, I'm an Iraqi in suicide
When the bombs are loaded and your mind explode in the wind
Are you gonna sit down and repent?
I was raised in the sewer
Me and the It clown are friends
Red balloons for your kids
Sink my tooth in ya bitch
I lost too many friends
I don't do good with kids
What you know about riding dirty in the evening?
What you know about Ramen Noodles, and a pack of sazon seasoning
What you know about leaving the oven door open when there's no heat again
And the rent is due and your landlord try to throw you out on the streets again
Nigga, I was only dreaming of a Bentley and a fucking Lamborghini when I win 'em, I'ma finally get a break
If I didn't get away before I guarantee that if I talk to God, then I can say I got it when I pray
She don't really want me to get petty, turn her dime into a penny, but she know I got a lot of shit to say
I got juice and water and a henny drink, and I will let the semi shoot, I'll pop you niggas all up in the face
Blood all up in the lake, I
Wanna see your wave die
They don't wanna wave bye
Creep when I came by, teeth like a k9
Bleed through your Levi, we from the East Side
Eat when the beat's hot, tea from the teapot
Aim for the tree top, beg till your knees pop
Skrrrt in a Nissan, swerve into 3 cars
You just a bird in a beehive
You just a cold in a room full of germs
Nigga, I said all of my idols and favorite rappers ain't been rhyming a lot
What the fuck happened to Jay Electronica?
I wonder if he still got it or not
Whatever happened to Elzhi?
Whatever happened to Meth?
What happened to Beans?
Whatever happened to Lauryn?
What happened to Banks?
Tell me what happened to Bleek
What the fuck happened to Mos?
What happened to Missy?
Nigga what happened to Ghost?
Whatever happened to Q?
What up with Common, what the fuck where did he go?
Tell me what happened to Budden's
What about Luda?
I hope they ain't losing it now
Hope they get back to the music 'cause I need some new shit
I'm sick of these new niggas out, I'm that new nigga now
I got 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8
9 niggas wanna war, 10 niggas on the floor, 11 niggas on the porch
12 killers wanna war, 13 carnivores, 14 Labradors, 15 dinosaurs, 16 Avatars
17 bombs or grenades at your rental car, 18 ways you can die when you have it all
I got 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8
9 bitches wanna fuck, 10 niggas wanna rush, 11 hitters on a bus
12 if you wanna bust, 13 other guns, 14 runners-up, 15 rubber guns, 16 double pumps
17 shots in your face till you cuddle up, 18 ways you can die tryna fuck with us
I'm willing to die for this shit
Said I'm ready to flip it and end up in prison the rest of my life for this shit
And my momma ain't want me, she got an abortion
I end up surviving this shit
Shit, if I wanted sumthin' I ain't got the money
I'll probably be robbing this shit
Don't know how much I cry for this shit
Said I am willing to die for this shit
You know murder's my hobby inside of my closet's, a bunch of dead bodies and shit
Niggas say that I'm cursed 'cause I go to church and stare at the Bible and shit
Shawty say I'm the worst, cos I do my dirt, and I don't be hiding this shit
Joyner, wooh!
