Ye Not Crazy

Joyner Lucas Lyrics
"Ye Not Crazy"
Look
I got some bones to pick
You ain't heard no one as cold as this (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Give me the stick, let me hold this shit
You make a move, I'ma blow this bitch
You 'bout to get what you supposed to get, uh
I don't know this trick
Why she keep blowin' my phone and shit? (Ayy)
Will someone please tell me whose ho' this is? (Ayy, ayy)
Nigga, you know who the coldest is? (Coldest is?)
Who's cold as this?
My Lambo got too many options, I don't even know what mode this in (Ayy)
Nigga, you know who flow this is? (Flow this is?)
I just stole this shit
Niggas act like I ain't supposed to be rich
Like I ain't grow up where the roaches live
Like I ain't come up, like—
How do you spell "Crazy"? G-E-N-I-U-S
How do you spell "Pay me"? I-R-S
What you know about mental health when you live in hell and you out of meds?
What the fuck is a meltdown when my meltdown's on a private jet?
Woah, labels ain't wanna sign the check (Joyner)
Then I got on my Ye shit, turned every no to a solid yes
I don't care about who's poppin' now, let the whole world know I am next
I ain't quittin' 'til I touch the sky or a nigga livin' on the ISS (Brrt, brrt)
Hold up, Ye's not crazy (Ye's not crazy)
Even if they try to cancel me, that ain't gon' phase me (Ain't gon' phase me)
Yeah, I sin, God forgave me (God forgave me)
How the fuck I'm gon' change the world if they gon' change me? (They gon' change me?)
Ye's not crazy (Ye's not crazy), well, maybe I am (Well, maybe I am)
Never thought I'd be a billionaire, now I'm like, maybe I can (Maybe I can)
Jesus walks, nigga, I ran (Nigga, I ran)
Sorry I pissed you off, I'll do it again
Tell me what's greater than God and worse than the Devil? I hate all the mind games
I'm tired of eatin' the scraps they left on the table, I need me an entrée
I wasn't seein' success, so I had to switch and do this shit my way
Shorty ain't pay me no mind 'til I got a bitch, then she wanna rendez
Yeah, running red lights like fuck what the sign say
I just went back to the future to cop me a Urus and stunt on my prom date (Joyners)
I'm havin' dinners with billionaire hitters, they lookin' at me like a small change
Maybe want move to Miami and buy me some kilos and turn into Scarface
Yeah, they try to do me like Marilyn Manson
Back me inside of a corner and turn me to someone who shot up and dances
Someone who won't go to Sway in the Morning and tell him he don't got the answers
Someone afraid of takin' the mic from niggas and takin' my chances
I got a list of you niggas I'm better than
One of the greatest, but niggas don't mention him
Soon as they sleepin', I plot my revenge on 'em
Shell put a dent in 'em, baow (Brrt)
Being famous done fucked up my mental, I made so much money, I lost all my friends and them
Broke up the family, but kept all the realest ones
I'm not as sane as I felt I was
Hold up, Ye's not crazy (Ye's not crazy)
Even if they try to cancel me, that ain't gon' phase me (Ain't gon' phase me)
Yeah, I sin, God forgave me (God forgave me)
How the fuck I'm gon' change the world if they gon' change me? (They gon' change me?)
Ye's not crazy (Ye's not crazy), well, maybe I am (Well, maybe I am)
Never thought I'd be a billionaire, now I'm like, maybe I can (Maybe I can)
Jesus walks, nigga, I ran (Nigga, I ran)
Sorry I pissed you off, I'll do it again
Watch busts, come check my wrist, uh, uh, bitch, I'm lit
Hit just once, that bitch obsessed, uh, uh, bitch, I'm blessed
Too on point, I just don't miss, uh, uh, way too fresh
So much drip, I came through wet, major flex
I hope the industry better get used to me
I told them rappers they really just food to me
Kill all these niggas and read 'em a eulogy
Ain't nothin' much you can do to me, uh
I got a check and then bought me some jewelry
They say I changed and I'm not what I used to be
I done got bigger, this shit feel like puberty
I know they better make room for me, mm
And I'm tired of bein' the underdog that come along
And they wanna put a fuckin' muzzle on and shut the bark
And chain me to another fuckin' porch all summer long
Then tell me I should go and run along like nothing's wrong
I watched everybody get awards all summer long
When I was eatin' on the fuckin' floor in the garage
That type of shit'll drive a nigga nuts and up in arms
And now my brain isn't what it was, I'm fuckin' callin' it, ah
Hold up (Brr, brr), Ye's not crazy (Ye's not crazy)
Even if they try to cancel me, that ain't gon' phase me (Ain't gon' phase me)
Yeah, I sin, God forgave me (God forgave me)
How the fuck I'm gon' change the world if they gon' change me?
